the following anime news are
brought to you by anime manga and
chiki television otaku and world anime tv
hello youtube friends today though a
little late I bring you the news of
anime of this past month of November in
which only take the ones that I
they seemed a little more important without
more than add let's start with a good
Once one of the most anticipated animes is
bitch season will be delayed until the
winter season that is until January and
at the same time the creator of this work
announced that the manga will end this
next December 12 this year
singh equinox jim will have a new
work for next year which will come
accompanied by volume 13 for the next 9
April will be an anime adaptation
of the one shot an eternal although in the
next weeks will be given more
information about the anime is announced
that the fairy tale anime will have a
important project for next year
although it is probably believed that it is a
movie or the continuation of the anime the
magazine is in champions here are you
schoten has given great news that
the manga
and jonan will have a sequel although not yet
there is a lot of information the third
Magic brand movie is precandidate
for the oscar 2014 the next 16 of
January will be the results of the
nominated movies the visual novel of
angel beatz already has a possible date
of output that will be for the season of
spring of next year by part of
visual arts key the story will begin
from scratch so it will not be continuation
of the anime announces the third
anime season utah no princess ma
his release date is still unknown
but it is said will be released until the
lupine third will have a live movie
exxon for next year in the
summer season it should be noted that the
project has four years of
preproduction announces the new
trailer for the second movie of
gaulle terex water the last mission for
debut on December 27 the
trailer in the description of the video the
famous mangaka masami kurumada creator
de saint seiya to commemorate his 40
years of work apparently to launch a
special crossover of all
works that he has made in his career his
house fushimi go or canada that creators
of the series or kingdom will create a new
light novel that will be more of the same
than his previous work or kingdom which
will follow the same pattern as this one since
your new story will be about a
incestuous relationship of two brothers to
vary and speaking of pray or due to
success of this the increase in the use of
monorail is increase and was liked
of the public for which it will remain
until spring next year it will
announces that the work of mangaka yuki
blues and rod mus and yes you will have a special
for January 4 the title of this
will be whispered qubbet dreams muca g with a
duration of one hour it is announced that the
sleeve of c3 b
Midori's work took Mocha will reach his
final on these Christmas dates which
it was confirmed by the magazine I a
magazine as I had said
previously the cocoon goku manga
obring the work of link okamoto same
author of the film would be adapted to the anime
but for bad luck he got the
studio arms himself who took care of the
family among other series which
they have been very bad adaptations
that the series is ruined is over
from 80 I assure you the anime will
will debut in April next year in
The past coviaguard animation awards
there were several awards such as
prize to the best anime prizes to
directors but the highlight was
the prize to yao miles here for his
trajectory and the best film preserve
not to a good movie which
Personally I liked it and I recommend it
it is planned to transform the cool island and into
anime and manga museum this because
that the national park that is
there has not had so much impact
decided for this project that if it came
to consolidate would be ready for
spring of 2017 where it is expected
5 million visitors arrive during
the first year among his qualities are
having a movie theater five of a
restaurant merchandising stores and
the most interesting art exhibitions
original figures and even anime manga
and games that visitors can
enjoy like that already know that if they want to go
once to this site save for the
next three years in a recent
survey by nt
as in which four thousand participated
603 Japanese where they were asked which
he was the most masculine character
smart anime the top ten
they were first as black gaua
detective conan second kite or kit the
same series third fifth and jim of
qinghai and fourth and cue sunday that fifth
the death note sixth if naruto camera
seventh priest made you you accused eighth
light yagami death note ninth there and
tense merchant and cow bon and tenth
cura pica de unter x unter now the
news for our region
latin america the panic cable channel
of mexico will debut high school of the
dead with original language which is
will premiere on January 7 without censorship
although there is still no schedule the channel tve x
From Salvador
apparently premiered a few weeks ago the
animes of the knights of the zodiac and
dragon ball z with a schedule of 7 of the
night
last November 18 and so on
television will premiere one of the
most hated sequels from around the world
of the anime dragon ball gt which
will premiere at 6:30 in the afternoon
while on the other hand the first dragon
ball apparently it is planned that
be released for early
next year by tom cast of the signal of
turner the channel mix play television
announced that at the end of last month
they would release one of the most anime
popular of the eighties and
early nineties robots the
Spanish distributor joe entertainment
the same one that will bring dancing with
vampires and the sacred sword to
Latin America recently made a
survey about what movie animes or
sleeves bring to our territory
let's say you are doing a study of
market to know what it is that
we want you to bring the link here
to vote in the survey I leave it in
the description of the video is released on
first trailer of the anime I am a goddess and
now that in Latin dubbing which
you can see here in the description of
video unless it has already been
banned
and now to close with a flourish
this video the good news comes for
mexico since they will arrive by part of
aniplex in the company of cuban will bring
the movies of the exorcist and
one there the third and last movie of
magic maloka is not yet known in what
cinemas or cities are going to project
the movies as well as the prices but
if you want your city to be among the
that the films are going to be screened
You can vote in the link that I will leave in the
description of the video but it is anticipated that
the first film to be released will be
the magic and good brand with this
I finish this video score leave your
comments or opinions are dismissed on
independent loquendo yingjiang kenichi
until next time